Q1. How communication is important at work place?
Ans:
Effective communication helps build and maintain relationship between employees.
Good communication can help resolve conflicts in the workplace.
communication can help employees perform better and increased their  productivity.
Effective communication can help team collaborate better and achieve their goals.
good communication can help create healthier work culture.
effective communication can help reduce employee turnover.

Q2. Explain your communication style?
Ans:
I would describe my communication style as direct and honest. Since I do not like when people play games with me, saying things they do not really mean, I do not do the same to them
I know that sometimes people may find my words hard to swallow, especially if I share a difficult feedback with them, but in a long run I believe it is the best communication style for the company, since my message is always clear, and everybody cooperating with me knows what they are supposed to do. while I had mixed success in relationships at school and in my private life, and definitely can learn something from those relationships that failed–communication is always to blame here, at least partially.

Q3.	Importance of communication during interview?
Ans:
Your body language can convey more than your words. Sit up straight, maintain eye contact, and avoid fidgeting or slouching.You can show active listening by maintaining eye contact.
This will demonstrate your confidence, interest, and engagement in the conversation.Emotional intelligence refers to your ability to read other people's emotions and respond appropriately.
Active listening involves paying attention to what the interviewer is saying and demonstrating that you understand their message.Your body language can convey more than your words. Sit up straight, 
maintain eye contact, and avoid fidgeting or slouching. This will demonstrate your confidence, interest, and engagement in the conversation.





